- The first is you have to
start using the tools, right?
And then the second is I'm
starting to train my mind
to use AI
for helping me get over the hump
in my most gnarly problems.
So usually when you feel,
when you feel that sense of,
"Ugh, I don't wanna do that,"
that usually for me is a signal like,
"Hey, hey, hey, how about some AI," right?
Because I don't expect it
to complete the whole task,
but I always find that when I feel like,
"Ugh, why do I have to do that?"
And then I think, "Hey, wait a minute,
is there some way to make this easier,
to make this more palatable,
to get myself through that
initial horrible feeling
of, like, I don't wanna do that", with AI
and then it gets the ball rolling.